(TM) Images. Evaluation of Multiple Classifier Systems for Landslide Identification in LANDSAT Thematic Mapper
- auto-vectorization in the presence of commutative operations. Look-ahead SLP
- Automatic tiling for iterative stencil computations on GPUs. TOAST
- an extensible distributed stream processing framework. Watershed-ng
- A Domain Independent Metric for the Assessment of Creative Artifacts. Regent-Dependent Creativity
2015. Overview of CLEF QA Entrance Exams Task
Automatic landslide recognition through Optimum-Path Forest.
auto-vectorization in the presence of commutative operations. Look-ahead SLP -
arrhythmia classification using wavelet transform and probabilistic neural network. DSP-based
and probabilistic neural network. DSP-based arrhythmia classification using wavelet transform
Automatic tiling for iterative stencil computations on GPUs. TOAST -
and South American World Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms the Scheduling of Chilean Soccer Leagues
American World Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms the Scheduling of Chilean Soccer Leagues and South
A study about the future evaluation of Question-Answering systems.
about the future evaluation of Question-Answering systems. A study
Analysis of the Vehicular-to-Vehicular Channel inside Tunnels. Small-Scale Fading
and Execution by Skeleton Frameworks. Extending OpenACC for Efficient Stencil Code Generation
Automatic Partitioning of Stencil Computations on Heterogeneous Systems.
an extensible distributed stream processing framework. Watershed-ng -
Analysis of Small-Scale Fading Distributions in Vehicle-to-Vehicle Communications.
A Domain Independent Metric for the Assessment of Creative Artifacts. Regent-Dependent Creativity -
Assessment of Creative Artifacts. Regent-Dependent Creativity - A Domain Independent Metric for the
Artifacts. Regent-Dependent Creativity - A Domain Independent Metric for the Assessment of Creative
a virtualized HTTP proxy in KVM and Docker. Performance evaluation of
and Docker. Performance evaluation of a virtualized HTTP proxy in KVM
An Algebraic Framework for Parallelizing Recurrence in Functional Programming.
Algebraic Framework for Parallelizing Recurrence in Functional Programming. An
A nature-inspired approach to speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its application intrusion detection in computer networks.
approach to speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its application intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired
and its application to intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach speed up optimum-path forest clustering
application to intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its
Answering. On Evaluating the Contribution of Validation for Question
A Collaborative Computational Infrastructure for Supporting Technical Debt Knowledge Sharing and Evolution.
and Evolution. A Collaborative Computational Infrastructure for Supporting Technical Debt Knowledge Sharing
aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts of oil spill in Gulf Mexico. Fusion synthetic
and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts of oil spill in Gulf Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture radar
and device-and-device communications. Power control schemes for energy efficiency of cellular
A wrapper approach for feature selection based on Bat Algorithm and Optimum-Path Forest.
approach for feature selection based on Bat Algorithm and Optimum-Path Forest. A wrapper
Algorithm and Optimum-Path Forest. A wrapper approach for feature selection based on Bat
and Optimum-Path Forest. A wrapper approach for feature selection based on Bat Algorithm
by Skeleton Frameworks. Extending OpenACC for Efficient Stencil Code Generation and Execution
Band Selection for Network-Assisted D2D Communications. Interference Mitigation Using
Based on Power Vectors for D2D Communications. Network-Assisted Neighbor Discovery
based on Bat Algorithm and Optimum-Path Forest. A wrapper approach for feature selection
Bat Algorithm and Optimum-Path Forest. A wrapper approach for feature selection based on
Band Selection. Nature-Inspired Framework for Hyperspectral
cover classification through contextual-based optimum-path forest. Improving land
classification through contextual-based optimum-path forest. Improving land cover
contextual-based optimum-path forest. Improving land cover classification through
classification through sequential learning-based optimum-path forest. Land-cover
Cover Classification Through Optimum-Path Forest. Toward Satellite-Based Land
Classification Through Optimum-Path Forest. Toward Satellite-Based Land Cover
commutative operations. Look-ahead SLP - auto-vectorization in the presence of
classification using wavelet transform and probabilistic neural network. DSP-based arrhythmia
computations on GPUs. TOAST - Automatic tiling for iterative stencil
Chilean Soccer Leagues and South American World Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms the Scheduling of
Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms the Scheduling of Chilean Soccer Leagues and South American World
Channel inside Tunnels. Small-Scale Fading Analysis of the Vehicular-to-Vehicular
code generation in OpenACC. Enabling efficient stencil
Code Generation and Execution by Skeleton Frameworks. Extending OpenACC for Efficient Stencil
Computations on Heterogeneous Systems. Automatic Partitioning of Stencil
Classifier Systems for Landslide Identification in LANDSAT Thematic Mapper (TM) Images. Evaluation of Multiple
Communications. Analysis of Small-Scale Fading Distributions in Vehicle-to-Vehicle
Creativity - A Domain Independent Metric for the Assessment of Creative Artifacts. Regent-Dependent
Creative Artifacts. Regent-Dependent Creativity - A Domain Independent Metric for the Assessment of
clustering and its application to intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach speed up optimum-path forest
computer networks. A nature-inspired approach to speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its application intrusion detection in
Contribution of Validation for Question Answering. On Evaluating the
Collaborative Computational Infrastructure for Supporting Technical Debt Knowledge Sharing and Evolution. A
Computational Infrastructure for Supporting Technical Debt Knowledge Sharing and Evolution. A Collaborative
CLEF QA Entrance Exams Task 2015. Overview of
Control with Variable Target SINR for D2D Communications Underlying Cellular Networks. Uplink Power
Communications Underlying Cellular Networks. Uplink Power Control with Variable Target SINR for D2D
Cellular Networks. Uplink Power Control with Variable Target SINR for D2D Communications Underlying
Communications. Interference Mitigation Using Band Selection for Network-Assisted D2D
Communications. Network-Assisted Neighbor Discovery Based on Power Vectors for D2D
control schemes for energy efficiency of cellular and device-and-device communications. Power
cellular and device-and-device communications. Power control schemes for energy efficiency of
communications. Power control schemes for energy efficiency of cellular and device-and-device
DSP-based arrhythmia classification using wavelet transform and probabilistic neural network.
distributed stream processing framework. Watershed-ng - an extensible
Distributions in Vehicle-to-Vehicle Communications. Analysis of Small-Scale Fading
Domain Independent Metric for the Assessment of Creative Artifacts. Regent-Dependent Creativity - A
Docker. Performance evaluation of a virtualized HTTP proxy in KVM and
detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach to speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its application intrusion
Debt Knowledge Sharing and Evolution. A Collaborative Computational Infrastructure for Supporting Technical
detect impacts of oil spill in Gulf Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to
D2D Communications Underlying Cellular Networks. Uplink Power Control with Variable Target SINR for
D2D Communications. Interference Mitigation Using Band Selection for Network-Assisted
Discovery Based on Power Vectors for D2D Communications. Network-Assisted Neighbor
D2D Communications. Network-Assisted Neighbor Discovery Based on Power Vectors for
device-and-device communications. Power control schemes for energy efficiency of cellular and
evaluation of Question-Answering systems. A study about the future
Enabling efficient stencil code generation in OpenACC.
efficient stencil code generation in OpenACC. Enabling
Extending OpenACC for Efficient Stencil Code Generation and Execution by Skeleton Frameworks.
Efficient Stencil Code Generation and Execution by Skeleton Frameworks. Extending OpenACC for
Execution by Skeleton Frameworks. Extending OpenACC for Efficient Stencil Code Generation and
extensible distributed stream processing framework. Watershed-ng - an
Evaluation of Multiple Classifier Systems for Landslide Identification in LANDSAT Thematic Mapper (TM) Images.
evaluation of a virtualized HTTP proxy in KVM and Docker. Performance
Evaluating the Contribution of Validation for Question Answering. On
Evolution. A Collaborative Computational Infrastructure for Supporting Technical Debt Knowledge Sharing and
Entrance Exams Task 2015. Overview of CLEF QA
Exams Task 2015. Overview of CLEF QA Entrance
energy efficiency of cellular and device-and-device communications. Power control schemes for
efficiency of cellular and device-and-device communications. Power control schemes for energy
forest. Improving land cover classification through contextual-based optimum-path
forest. Land-cover classification through sequential learning-based optimum-path
Forest. Toward Satellite-Based Land Cover Classification Through Optimum-Path
Forest. Automatic landslide recognition through Optimum-Path
for iterative stencil computations on GPUs. TOAST - Automatic tiling
future evaluation of Question-Answering systems. A study about the
Fading Analysis of the Vehicular-to-Vehicular Channel inside Tunnels. Small-Scale
for Efficient Stencil Code Generation and Execution by Skeleton Frameworks. Extending OpenACC
Frameworks. Extending OpenACC for Efficient Stencil Code Generation and Execution by Skeleton
framework. Watershed-ng - an extensible distributed stream processing
for Landslide Identification in LANDSAT Thematic Mapper (TM) Images. Evaluation of Multiple Classifier Systems
Fading Distributions in Vehicle-to-Vehicle Communications. Analysis of Small-Scale
for the Assessment of Creative Artifacts. Regent-Dependent Creativity - A Domain Independent Metric
Framework for Parallelizing Recurrence in Functional Programming. An Algebraic
for Parallelizing Recurrence in Functional Programming. An Algebraic Framework
Functional Programming. An Algebraic Framework for Parallelizing Recurrence in
forest clustering and its application to intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach speed up optimum-path
for Question Answering. On Evaluating the Contribution of Validation
for Supporting Technical Debt Knowledge Sharing and Evolution. A Collaborative Computational Infrastructure
Fusion of synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts oil spill in Gulf Mexico.
for D2D Communications Underlying Cellular Networks. Uplink Power Control with Variable Target SINR
for Network-Assisted D2D Communications. Interference Mitigation Using Band Selection
for D2D Communications. Network-Assisted Neighbor Discovery Based on Power Vectors
for energy efficiency of cellular and device-and-device communications. Power control schemes
for feature selection based on Bat Algorithm and Optimum-Path Forest. A wrapper approach
feature selection based on Bat Algorithm and Optimum-Path Forest. A wrapper approach for
Forest. A wrapper approach for feature selection based on Bat Algorithm and Optimum-Path
Framework for Hyperspectral Band Selection. Nature-Inspired
for Hyperspectral Band Selection. Nature-Inspired Framework
GPUs. TOAST - Automatic tiling for iterative stencil computations on
generation in OpenACC. Enabling efficient stencil code
Generation and Execution by Skeleton Frameworks. Extending OpenACC for Efficient Stencil Code
Gulf of Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts oil spill in
Heterogeneous Systems. Automatic Partitioning of Stencil Computations on
HTTP proxy in KVM and Docker. Performance evaluation of a virtualized
hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts of oil spill in Gulf Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture radar and
Hyperspectral Band Selection. Nature-Inspired Framework for
Improving land cover classification through contextual-based optimum-path forest.
in the presence of commutative operations. Look-ahead SLP - auto-vectorization
iterative stencil computations on GPUs. TOAST - Automatic tiling for
inside Tunnels. Small-Scale Fading Analysis of the Vehicular-to-Vehicular Channel
in OpenACC. Enabling efficient stencil code generation
Identification in LANDSAT Thematic Mapper (TM) Images. Evaluation of Multiple Classifier Systems for Landslide
in LANDSAT Thematic Mapper (TM) Images. Evaluation of Multiple Classifier Systems for Landslide Identification
Images. Evaluation of Multiple Classifier Systems for Landslide Identification in LANDSAT Thematic Mapper (TM)
in Vehicle-to-Vehicle Communications. Analysis of Small-Scale Fading Distributions
Independent Metric for the Assessment of Creative Artifacts. Regent-Dependent Creativity - A Domain
in KVM and Docker. Performance evaluation of a virtualized HTTP proxy
in Functional Programming. An Algebraic Framework for Parallelizing Recurrence
its application to intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach speed up optimum-path forest clustering and
intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach to speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its application
in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach to speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its application intrusion detection
Infrastructure for Supporting Technical Debt Knowledge Sharing and Evolution. A Collaborative Computational
imagery to detect impacts of oil spill in Gulf Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral
impacts of oil spill in Gulf Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect
in Gulf of Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts oil spill
Interference Mitigation Using Band Selection for Network-Assisted D2D Communications.
KVM and Docker. Performance evaluation of a virtualized HTTP proxy in
Knowledge Sharing and Evolution. A Collaborative Computational Infrastructure for Supporting Technical Debt
land cover classification through contextual-based optimum-path forest. Improving
Land-cover classification through sequential learning-based optimum-path forest.
learning-based optimum-path forest. Land-cover classification through sequential
Land Cover Classification Through Optimum-Path Forest. Toward Satellite-Based
landslide recognition through Optimum-Path Forest. Automatic
Look-ahead SLP - auto-vectorization in the presence of commutative operations.
Leagues and South American World Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms the Scheduling of Chilean Soccer
Landslide Identification in LANDSAT Thematic Mapper (TM) Images. Evaluation of Multiple Classifier Systems for
LANDSAT Thematic Mapper (TM) Images. Evaluation of Multiple Classifier Systems for Landslide Identification in
Multiple Classifier Systems for Landslide Identification in LANDSAT Thematic Mapper (TM) Images. Evaluation of
Mapper (TM) Images. Evaluation of Multiple Classifier Systems for Landslide Identification in LANDSAT Thematic
Metric for the Assessment of Creative Artifacts. Regent-Dependent Creativity - A Domain Independent
Mexico. Fusion of synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts oil spill in Gulf
Mitigation Using Band Selection for Network-Assisted D2D Communications. Interference
neural network. DSP-based arrhythmia classification using wavelet transform and probabilistic
network. DSP-based arrhythmia classification using wavelet transform and probabilistic neural
nature-inspired approach to speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its application intrusion detection in computer networks. A
networks. A nature-inspired approach to speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its application intrusion detection in computer
Networks. Uplink Power Control with Variable Target SINR for D2D Communications Underlying Cellular
Network-Assisted D2D Communications. Interference Mitigation Using Band Selection for
Network-Assisted Neighbor Discovery Based on Power Vectors for D2D Communications.
Neighbor Discovery Based on Power Vectors for D2D Communications. Network-Assisted
Nature-Inspired Framework for Hyperspectral Band Selection.
optimum-path forest. Improving land cover classification through contextual-based
optimum-path forest. Land-cover classification through sequential learning-based
Optimum-Path Forest. Toward Satellite-Based Land Cover Classification Through
Optimum-Path Forest. Automatic landslide recognition through
of commutative operations. Look-ahead SLP - auto-vectorization in the presence
operations. Look-ahead SLP - auto-vectorization in the presence of commutative
on GPUs. TOAST - Automatic tiling for iterative stencil computations
Operations Research Transforms the Scheduling of Chilean Soccer Leagues and South American World Cup Qualifiers.
of Chilean Soccer Leagues and South American World Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms the Scheduling
of Question-Answering systems. A study about the future evaluation
of the Vehicular-to-Vehicular Channel inside Tunnels. Small-Scale Fading Analysis
OpenACC. Enabling efficient stencil code generation in
OpenACC for Efficient Stencil Code Generation and Execution by Skeleton Frameworks. Extending
of Stencil Computations on Heterogeneous Systems. Automatic Partitioning
on Heterogeneous Systems. Automatic Partitioning of Stencil Computations
of Multiple Classifier Systems for Landslide Identification in LANDSAT Thematic Mapper (TM) Images. Evaluation
of Small-Scale Fading Distributions in Vehicle-to-Vehicle Communications. Analysis
of Creative Artifacts. Regent-Dependent Creativity - A Domain Independent Metric for the Assessment
of a virtualized HTTP proxy in KVM and Docker. Performance evaluation
optimum-path forest clustering and its application to intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach speed up
On Evaluating the Contribution of Validation for Question Answering.
of Validation for Question Answering. On Evaluating the Contribution
Overview of CLEF QA Entrance Exams Task 2015.
of CLEF QA Entrance Exams Task 2015. Overview
of synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts of oil spill in Gulf Mexico. Fusion
of oil spill in Gulf of Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts
oil spill in Gulf of Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts
of Mexico. Fusion of synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts oil spill in Gulf
on Power Vectors for D2D Communications. Network-Assisted Neighbor Discovery Based
of cellular and device-and-device communications. Power control schemes for energy efficiency
on Bat Algorithm and Optimum-Path Forest. A wrapper approach for feature selection based
Optimum-Path Forest. A wrapper approach for feature selection based on Bat Algorithm and
presence of commutative operations. Look-ahead SLP - auto-vectorization in the
probabilistic neural network. DSP-based arrhythmia classification using wavelet transform and
Partitioning of Stencil Computations on Heterogeneous Systems. Automatic
processing framework. Watershed-ng - an extensible distributed stream
Performance evaluation of a virtualized HTTP proxy in KVM and Docker.
proxy in KVM and Docker. Performance evaluation of a virtualized HTTP
Parallelizing Recurrence in Functional Programming. An Algebraic Framework for
Programming. An Algebraic Framework for Parallelizing Recurrence in Functional
Power Control with Variable Target SINR for D2D Communications Underlying Cellular Networks. Uplink
Power Vectors for D2D Communications. Network-Assisted Neighbor Discovery Based on
Power control schemes for energy efficiency of cellular and device-and-device communications.
Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms the Scheduling of Chilean Soccer Leagues and South American World Cup
Question-Answering systems. A study about the future evaluation of
Question Answering. On Evaluating the Contribution of Validation for
QA Entrance Exams Task 2015. Overview of CLEF
recognition through Optimum-Path Forest. Automatic landslide
Research Transforms the Scheduling of Chilean Soccer Leagues and South American World Cup Qualifiers. Operations
Regent-Dependent Creativity - A Domain Independent Metric for the Assessment of Creative Artifacts.
Recurrence in Functional Programming. An Algebraic Framework for Parallelizing
radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts of oil spill in Gulf Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture
sequential learning-based optimum-path forest. Land-cover classification through
Satellite-Based Land Cover Classification Through Optimum-Path Forest. Toward
SLP - auto-vectorization in the presence of commutative operations. Look-ahead
stencil computations on GPUs. TOAST - Automatic tiling for iterative
Scheduling of Chilean Soccer Leagues and South American World Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms the
Soccer Leagues and South American World Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms the Scheduling of Chilean
South American World Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms the Scheduling of Chilean Soccer Leagues and
study about the future evaluation of Question-Answering systems. A
systems. A study about the future evaluation of Question-Answering
Small-Scale Fading Analysis of the Vehicular-to-Vehicular Channel inside Tunnels.
stencil code generation in OpenACC. Enabling efficient
Stencil Code Generation and Execution by Skeleton Frameworks. Extending OpenACC for Efficient
Skeleton Frameworks. Extending OpenACC for Efficient Stencil Code Generation and Execution by
Stencil Computations on Heterogeneous Systems. Automatic Partitioning of
Systems. Automatic Partitioning of Stencil Computations on Heterogeneous
stream processing framework. Watershed-ng - an extensible distributed
Systems for Landslide Identification in LANDSAT Thematic Mapper (TM) Images. Evaluation of Multiple Classifier
Small-Scale Fading Distributions in Vehicle-to-Vehicle Communications. Analysis of
speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its application to intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach
Supporting Technical Debt Knowledge Sharing and Evolution. A Collaborative Computational Infrastructure for
Sharing and Evolution. A Collaborative Computational Infrastructure for Supporting Technical Debt Knowledge
synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts of oil spill in Gulf Mexico. Fusion
spill in Gulf of Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery to detect impacts oil
SINR for D2D Communications Underlying Cellular Networks. Uplink Power Control with Variable Target
Selection for Network-Assisted D2D Communications. Interference Mitigation Using Band
schemes for energy efficiency of cellular and device-and-device communications. Power control
selection based on Bat Algorithm and Optimum-Path Forest. A wrapper approach for feature
Selection. Nature-Inspired Framework for Hyperspectral Band
through contextual-based optimum-path forest. Improving land cover classification
through sequential learning-based optimum-path forest. Land-cover classification
Toward Satellite-Based Land Cover Classification Through Optimum-Path Forest.
Through Optimum-Path Forest. Toward Satellite-Based Land Cover Classification
through Optimum-Path Forest. Automatic landslide recognition
the presence of commutative operations. Look-ahead SLP - auto-vectorization in
transform and probabilistic neural network. DSP-based arrhythmia classification using wavelet
TOAST - Automatic tiling for iterative stencil computations on GPUs.
tiling for iterative stencil computations on GPUs. TOAST - Automatic
Transforms the Scheduling of Chilean Soccer Leagues and South American World Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research
the Scheduling of Chilean Soccer Leagues and South American World Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms
the future evaluation of Question-Answering systems. A study about
the Vehicular-to-Vehicular Channel inside Tunnels. Small-Scale Fading Analysis of
Tunnels. Small-Scale Fading Analysis of the Vehicular-to-Vehicular Channel inside
Thematic Mapper (TM) Images. Evaluation of Multiple Classifier Systems for Landslide Identification in LANDSAT
the Assessment of Creative Artifacts. Regent-Dependent Creativity - A Domain Independent Metric for
to speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its application to intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach
to intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach to speed up optimum-path forest clustering and its application
the Contribution of Validation for Question Answering. On Evaluating
Technical Debt Knowledge Sharing and Evolution. A Collaborative Computational Infrastructure for Supporting
Task 2015. Overview of CLEF QA Entrance Exams
to detect impacts of oil spill in Gulf Mexico. Fusion synthetic aperture radar and hyperspectral imagery
Target SINR for D2D Communications Underlying Cellular Networks. Uplink Power Control with Variable
using wavelet transform and probabilistic neural network. DSP-based arrhythmia classification
up optimum-path forest clustering and its application to intrusion detection in computer networks. A nature-inspired approach speed
Uplink Power Control with Variable Target SINR for D2D Communications Underlying Cellular Networks.
Underlying Cellular Networks. Uplink Power Control with Variable Target SINR for D2D Communications
Using Band Selection for Network-Assisted D2D Communications. Interference Mitigation
Vehicular-to-Vehicular Channel inside Tunnels. Small-Scale Fading Analysis of the
Vehicle-to-Vehicle Communications. Analysis of Small-Scale Fading Distributions in
virtualized HTTP proxy in KVM and Docker. Performance evaluation of a
Validation for Question Answering. On Evaluating the Contribution of
Variable Target SINR for D2D Communications Underlying Cellular Networks. Uplink Power Control with
Vectors for D2D Communications. Network-Assisted Neighbor Discovery Based on Power
wavelet transform and probabilistic neural network. DSP-based arrhythmia classification using
World Cup Qualifiers. Operations Research Transforms the Scheduling of Chilean Soccer Leagues and South American
Watershed-ng - an extensible distributed stream processing framework.
with Variable Target SINR for D2D Communications Underlying Cellular Networks. Uplink Power Control
wrapper approach for feature selection based on Bat Algorithm and Optimum-Path Forest. A
